[red-knot] support `typing.Union` in type annotations (#14499)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/annotations/union.md

# Union

## Annotation

`typing.Union` can be used to construct union types same as `|` operator.

```py
from typing import Union

a: Union[int, str]
a1: Union[int, bool]
a2: Union[int, Union[float, str]]
a3: Union[int, None]
a4: Union[Union[float, str]]
a5: Union[int]

def f():
    # revealed: int | str
    reveal_type(a)

>     # Since bool is a subtype of int we merge both types to int here. But we do allow assigning boolean value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Since bool is a subtype of int we simplify to int here. But we do allow assigning boolean values (see below).
```

>     # TODO: Pyright and Mypy do show this as `int | bool`: https://pyright-play.net/?code=GYJw9gtgBALgngBwJYDsDmUkQWEMoCqKSYKAUGQIYBchxpA2qjADRQBGYYANgLoUATAKbAowABQBKamShyoIIQDchlbgH14CIeMqSgA
>     # Also mypy: https://mypy-play.net/?mypy=latest&python=3.12&gist=fd3c1609080ddc000d5247552c15b750

Reviewer: I'm not sure why mypy and pyright do this! I can find plenty of comments in both bug trackers from maintainers clearly stating that `bool` is a subtype of `int`. And even more weirdly, mypy sometimes does simplify `bool | int`: https://mypy-play.net/?mypy=latest&python=3.12&gist=2566490340562ba079a91c53e88c1141

It seems like pyright just generally doesn't simplify subtypes out of unions, it's not specific to `bool | int`: https://pyright-play.net/?code=MYGwhgzhAECCBc0B0KBQpIwEIApYEpEUlVUATAUwDNoqd9oBaAPjmgB9osi1UAnCgDcKYEAH0ALgE8ADhRx18%2BIA

In any case, while interesting, I don't think this is a TODO for us to change, so I would remove this.
```suggestion
```

    # revealed: int
    reveal_type(a1)
    # revealed: int | float | str
    reveal_type(a2)
    # revealed: int | None
    reveal_type(a3)
    # revealed: float | str
    reveal_type(a4)
```

## Assignment

```py
from typing import Union

a: Union[int, str]
a = 1
a = ""
a1: Union[int, bool]
a1 = 1
a1 = True

> a2: int
> # error: [invalid-assignment] "Object of type `Literal[""]` is not assignable to `int`"
> a2 = a

Reviewer: I don't think these two lines are testing anything about union annotations. `a2` is annotated as simply `int`, not a union, and `a` has inferred type `Literal[""]` (as seen in the error message), from the assignment on line 39, again unrelated to its declared union type.

So I don't think these two lines are relevant tests for this PR or this file.

What would be relevant is trying to assign something outside of the union to `a` or `a1`, and seeing that it issues an error:
```suggestion
# error: [invalid-assignment] "Object of type `bytes` is not assignable to `int | str`"
a = b""
```
